 Recap:

Once the door closed, Spencer dropped his shorts revieling his semi-hard 
dick.

"Eww dude, put that away."

"You wish you could have some of this" Spencer remarked.

"No the fuck I don't! Put some damn pants on!"

"I will, I'm just changing to go to the gym. Wanna come?"

"Naw, I'm cool. I'm just gonna chill out here."

With that, Spencer was changed and out the door and Devante was left 
alone with only his thoughts.

Chapter 10:

For the first time in his college career, Devante decided to pick up his 
phone and call his parents. Although he had spoken to them several times, 
it was only because they had always called him.

"Hello" answered his mom.

"Hey Mom, how are you?"

"Well isn't this a welcomed surprise. I'm fine and to what do I owe the 
pleasure of this phone call?"

"I thought I would surprise you guys and call you instead of you guys 
always having to call me."

"Well I definitely appreciate that! So what have you been up to son?"

"Nothing much, just studying. This whole college thing is a lot harder 
than I was expecting. But I'm hanging in there."

"We didn't send you there to "hang in there", we sent you there to make 
Dean's list and to graduate with honors!"

"MOM... Mom, I know. Please don't start this!"

"I just want to make sure you are staying focused, that's all. Can't a 
mother do that?"

"I guess..." Devante said hesitantly.

"By the way, how's that roommate of yours? He's a party animal isn't he?"

"He's fine. What makes you think that?" 

"Vante, you know how those people are. All they think about is partying"

"Oh my God mom, that is rude and racist!"

"I'm not trying to be rude or racist, I'm just telling you how I see it. 
They get drunk as a skunk and party all night and some kind of way still 
get good marks. We just can't do that, and I don't want you to try to 
either."

"OMG Mom, what are you talking about? Spencer is a good roommate and he 
really doesn't even party that much; I probably party... Nevermind that. 
But he's a great guy and so is everyone else here. And what are you 
British? "Marks".. Who says that anymore? They are called grades."

"Well excuse me sir..."

"Is dad around?"

"Yeah, hold on let me get him for you"

A few seconds of silence past on the phone before Devante heard his 
father's voice.

"You must be in some kind of trouble to be calling here" his father said 
letting out a little chuckle. 

"No Dad, I just had a few minutes free and thought I would give you guys 
a call."

"Well I hope you're not wasting too much of your time on that damn phone. 
You need to be hitting those books... HARD! We sent you to that school to 
be on the Dean's list and graduate with the highest honors possible."

"Oh God dad, you sound like mom!"

"We just want the best for you son. I was your age once too you know, and 
I know that college is filled with distractions so just stay focused."

"I will dad"

"And speaking of distractions" his father said in a lower and more 
secretive tone "Have you found any distractions of the female 
persuasion?"

This question caught Devante a little by surprise and made him think back 
on the past couple of weeks. Devante thought about him finding the 
picture of Spencer and beating off to it then about being sucked off by 
Theo and having a wet dream about him just the other night. He couldn't 
possibly tell his father about any of these things; after all, he didn't 
even know how to feel about them. So instead he did the only thing he 
could do.

"Nope dad! How can I when I have my head in these books all day?"

"That's alright son. I'm sure the opportunity will present itself, and 
trust me, take FULL advantage over it" his father said rather bluntly. 
"And don't study too hard son. Listen, I got to go pick your sister up 
from school."

"Ok, tell her I said hi and I'll text her later."

"Will do. I love you son and I'll talk to you later!"

"Ok! Love you too dad." And with that Devante hung up the phone.

Devante sat on his bed sulking for a while after his conversation with 
his parents. He thought about all that had happened in the short two 
weeks he had been in college and how it was the furthest thing from what 
he expected going in. But then he began to think about how much 
excitement and exhilaration he felt with each thing and how he wouldn't 
want to necessarily trade those experiences for anything... at least not 
right now. 

Devante was roused from his daze by a quick knock at the door. 

"It's open" he yelled. 

"Wassup Devante?" said Jeff as he rushed into the room.  

"Nothing much. What's going on with you?"  

"Just got home from class. Where's Spencer?" asked Jeff plopping down on 
Spencer's empty unmade bed. 

Until then, Devante hadn't even thought about class or the fact that he 
had missed the two he had that day. 

"Oh, uhm... I think he left to go to the gym." Devante responded trying 
not to look upset about his discovery. 

"What a bastard! He didn't even invite me, and I thought we were friends! 
Anyway, what are you up to?" 

"Nothing, just got off the phone with my parents trying to figure out 
what to do next." 

"Oh. You mind if I crash here with you until Spencer gets back?" 

"Sure!" 

"So what's the deal with you and Spencer anyway? I mean have you guys 
always been best friends or what?" 

"Uhm, actually no! We met freshmen year of high school but didn't 
actually get cool until the end of our junior year. I got a car my junior 
year 	and everybody wanted to be my friend. Niggas... Uh oops, I meant 
guys." 

"Yeah you gon have to watch that" Devante said rather sternly. ."I don't 
say that word because it carries with it so much displaced hate and 
oppression and I just can't see why, in today's society, people still use 
it." 

"I'm sorry man" 

"It's cool! Just make a note of it for the future. Anyway, keep going 
with your story." 

"So yeah, like I was saying, I got a car and people started coming out of 
the woodworks to be my friend so I could chauffeur them around. At first 
I was flattered from all the attention, but after a while it got 
annoying.. And expensive." Jeff said before pealing off his shirt and 
leaning back to get more comfortable on Spencer's bed. 

Devante followed suit and got more comfortable in his bed.  

"So anyway, one by one I started putting out of my life. The funny thing 
was that for some reason Spencer never got the message. I dropped hint 
after hint, and the more I tried to drive him away the more tightly he 
hung on!" 

"What kinds of things would you do to hint to him, cuz you know he's not 
the brightest light bulb in the chandelier?" 

"Everything! Literally EVERYTHING! He would ask me to pick him up For 
school, I would tell him I had to be at school early. He would ask to 
hang out and go different places on the weekend, I would tell him I was 
busy. He would try to start conversations with me in the hallway, I would 
quickly brush him off." 

"Damn dude, you were giving him the complete cold shoulder huh?" 

"Yeah, like I said I thought he was just trying to use me like the rest 
of them were." 

"So what changed your mind about him?" 

"It was until mid-way through the year that he got a car of his own. His 
parents got a new car and gave him their old hand me down. Anyway, 
instead of him leaving me to go hang out with his new found car 
friends..." 

"Car friends?" Devante interrupted confusedly. 

"Yeah, remember the ones I was telling you about? The people that flock 
to you once you get a car." Devante remembered shaking his head yes. 
"Yeah, so instead of him kicking me to the curb for them, he kept trying 
to hang out and get to know each other, and it was that moment when I 
knew he was a genuine friend." 

"Wow bro, cool story!" 

"Yeah, and now that we are in college I feel like the one trying to flock 
to him."  

Devante stood to turn on the tv and grab an Xbox controller. "You wanna 
shoot around on the game a little?" he asked continuing to dismiss the 
fact that he hadn't done a singe productive thing all day beside calling 
his parents. 

"Yeah, why not?" 

The two played for about an hour and a half before Spencer returned. 

"Look at you two best friends" Spencer said before dropping his bag on 
the bed and making kissing sounds. 

"Oh shut up jerk" Jeff said. 

"What y'all been up to?" Spencer asked as he threw off his shirt and 
lowered his gym shorts. 

"Nothing much, just talking" Devante said without looking up. 

"Anything juicy?" 

"Naw, just reminiscing on high school days." 

The match ended and both Jeff and Devante looked up to see Spencer gaping 
butt hole as he bent over looking for something at the bottom of his 
closet.  

"Damn, yo shit hanging open. What you been putting in there?" Jeff 
laughed. 

"Ha ha... Real funny ass munch" Spencer remarked. "I'm going to take a 
shower.... Wanna join?" 

Devante sat there a bit confused. Not sure whether or not his should take 
this as innocent banter or a weird lovers quarrel. 

"Fuck you! Just hurry up in there me and Devante are hungry" and with 
that Spencer was out the door. Soon he returned and the three left for an 
early dinner. 

This is chapter 10 of College Roommates Meet. 

I've gotten a lot of requests for a sex-free chapter so let me know what 
you think. I also have been thinking about doing a point of view chapter 
from a certain character's point of view. If you like that idea, please 
let me know which character you would like.

My email address is below and as always email me at 
tomthewriter@ymail.com with any comments, questions, critiques, or 
suggestions. I love hearing from my readers and try my best to respond to 
every single post. Also, don't forget to donate!